[Pages] Minimum NODE_VERSION for Next.js sites (#4124)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site.md

</div>

{{<Aside type="warning" header="Important">}}

> Next.js requires Node.js v12.22.0 or later to build successfully. You must expand the **Environment Variables (advanced)** section and add a `NODE_VERSION` variable with a value of `12.22.0` or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next.js requires Node.js v12.22.0 or later to build successfully. To set your Node version, go to **Settings** in your Workers project > **Environment Variables (advanced)** section and add a `NODE_VERSION` variable with a value of `12.22.0` or greater.
```

Author: Should I make a PR to do the same on Astro?

https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/astro/#deploying-with-cloudflare-pages

Reviewer: @KianNH If it has the same requirement, then I would say yes.

Reviewer: ah yes I remember this. Let's leave it as is then.
